Are you French because Eiffel for you.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Are you religious? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to do list?
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!
Life without you is like a broken pencil, it's pointless.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? Look in this mirror!
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
cheesy gravity pick up line
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
I wish I were cross eyed so I can see you twice
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Your lips look so lonely. Would they like to meet mine?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
Thank god I'm wearing gloves because you are too hot to handle.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Pinch me, you’re so fine I must be dreaming.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!
Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
Nice to meet you, I’m sexy and you are gorgeous!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
Are you Israeli? Cause you Israeli hot.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9, and I'm the 1 you need.
Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Your hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look.
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.
Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.
Have you been to the doctor's lately? Cause I think you're lacking some vitamin me.
Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.
Do you like science because I've got my ion you.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Funny pick up line about free clothing
Do you like sales? Because if you're looking for a good one, clothing is 100 percent off at my place.
I know this is going to sound cheesy, but I think you're the gratest.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.
My feet are getting cold because you’ve knocked my socks off.
Wow, when god made you he was showing off.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you from Japan cause I'm trying to get in Japanties.
If you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
I'll give you a kiss. If you don't like it, you can return it.
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you're attractive.
Are you from China? Because I'm China get your number.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you craving Pizza? Because I’d love to get a pizza you
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
Can you pinch me, because you're so fine I must be dreaming.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.
Are you a keyboard ? Because you are my type.
There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?
I've seem to have lost my number, can I have yours?
cute and funny pick up line about flowers
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together
Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you're infected.
I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber.
You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.
My mom thinks I'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Feel my tshirt, it’s made of boyfriend material.
You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so dalicious.
You're like a dictionary. You add meaning to my life.
My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.
Did your licence get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
funny love up line about love
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?
When a penguin finds a mate they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin?
Can I take a picture of you so santa knows what I want for christmas?
I'm new in town, could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'll cook you dinner, if you cook me breakfast
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
Good thing I just bought term life insurance … because I saw you and my heart stopped!
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I’d be in a higher tax bracket.
Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Do I know you? Beause you look a lot like my next conquest.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Girlfriend material?
They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Hi, how was heaven when you left it?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I pass by again?
Is your dad a terrorist? Cause you’re the bomb.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? If not, please start.
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
I’d say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
You must be a broom, ‘cause you just swept me off my feet.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you that he needs my heart back.
“If I were a stop light, I’d turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
I was so enchanted by you that I ran into that wall over there. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
For a moment I thought I’d died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Do you have a BandAid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
There’s something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I’d have a galaxy in my hand.
Would you grab my arm? I want to tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel.
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you.
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes…I can’t take them off of you.
Hey, how are you? Fine? I didn’t ask how you looked!
Be unique and different, say yes.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it’s just a sparkle.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if YOU think I’M cute.
Would you hold this hand for me while I go for a walk?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
You shouldn’t wear makeup. It’s messing with perfection!
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have five cents.
You’d better direct that beauty somewhere else or you’ll set the carpet on fire.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. When I looked at you, I dropped mine.
There isn’t a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
I’m fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe without laces, a sentencewithoutspaces.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call ‘FINE PRINT’!
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Do you have a twin? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
How was heaven when you left it?
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
I don’t have a library card, do you mind if I check you out?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications like headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So, for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
Hello are you married? Oh you are? Well I didn’t hear you say ‘happily.
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet.
I play the field and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
The more I drink, the prettier you get.
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you’ve got a nice set of buns.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin’.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You are like a candy bar. Half sweet and half nuts.
You must be tired because you’ve been running through my head all night.
Hey, what’s up? Guess what? It’s your lucky day. Out of all the girls here, I picked you.
That shirt’s very becoming on you. Of course, if I were on you, I’d be coming too.
You Know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…want to help prove him wrong?
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
You're leaving? Aren’t you forgetting something? ME!
Hey, baby, you’re so fine you make me stutter. Whawhawhat’s your name?
For you I would slay two Goliaths.
You float my ark.
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives. Because he never met you.
Is it hot in here or is that just the Holy Spirit burning inside of you?
So last night I was reading in the book of Numbers, and I realized I don’t have yours!
I didn’t believe in predestination until I met you tonight.
The word says Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry. How about dinner?
My spiritual gift is my good looks, it lifts peoples spirits.
I went on a beach mission but all I ended up doing was mission you.
Is this the transfiguration? Because you are glowing.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I’ve converted to divine revelation.
Mark Driscoll takes up 35 percent of my ipod memory.
How would you like to join my Purpose Driven Life?
If you say no, I will rip out my hair and my beard.
Unfortunately I can't perform miracles and I’ve only got enough bread and fish for 2 people.
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
I just don’t feel called to celibacy.
I’m pretty much considered an elder in the congregation these days.
When I read philippians, I think about you.
I put the stud in bible study.
I didn’t know angels flew this low.
I’m no Joseph, so perhaps you can help me interpreting the dreams I’ve been having about you?
Is it a sin that you stole my heart?
Is your name Faith? Cause you’re the substance of things I’ve hoped for.
Want to practice speaking in tongues with me? Here’s my number, call me if you need prayer.
What’s your name and number so I can add you to my prayer list?
I’m usually not very prophetic, but I can see us together.
I would leave 99 sheep to come and find you… and then I would carry you home joyfully on my shoulder
Look, you’re nearly 22. Most Christians are 3 years into marriage by now so just settle for me.
You make me want to be a better Christian.
You make the Queen of Sheba look like a hobo.
I’d part the Red Sea for you.
What are you doing for the rest of your after life?
Did you say your name was Esther? Oh, I guess I just think you were chosen for such a time as this.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Ten percent of me is 100 percent certain that I can give you 10 percent of my heart forever.
I feel like God’s telling me that you should go on a date with me.
You must be Egyptian because I’m a slave for you.
You and me, we’re like loaves and fishes. We just might be a miracle together.
Do you want to be accountability partners?
On first dates, I always take girls to get BBQ ribs. It feels the most biblical considering they came from one.
I know you’ve already said no once, but call me Joshua because I’m going to break down your walls.
I don’t know if you noticed, but when you walked into the room, that was me giving up a clap offering.
I may not have a job right now, and I may live in my parents’ basement, but I swear to you I’m storing up treasure in heaven and my mansion is gonna rock.
Wanna come over and watch Left Behind?
You are so unblemished that I would sacrifice you.
You are perfect, except with all the sin.
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
How many times do I have to walk around you to make you fall for me?
Unfortunately I can’t perform miracles, and I’ve only got enough bread and fish for two people.
It’s obvious to me that you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
Do you need prayer? Because I’m certainly willing to lay hands on you.
My parents are home, wanna come over?
I was reading my Bible the other day, and I was wondering if you know what Paul meant by greet one another with a holy kiss?
I know it’s absurd, but every time I walk toward you, it feels like I’m being led to Bethlehem.
I’m a Proverbs 32 kind of guy and you’re a Proverbs 31 kinda woman.
Let me sell you an indulgence because it’s a sin to look as good as you do.
Me. You. Song of Songs. The remix.
The Bible says to bring all our requests to God. I’ve prayed … and here you are.
High, I’m Will, God’s will!
I just want you to know, I’m praying for you. No, I’m praying FOR you.
You make me want to be a better tither.
As Christians, shouldn’t we honor all Scripture? Let’s start with 2 Corinthians 13 12.
You must be a Bible verse, because I can’t stop memorizing you.
You complete me. That is, after Jesus completes me. You’re like the gluten in my communion bread.
I’d marry Leah if it meant I’d also get to marry you.
God told me I can break my fast for you.
Your name must be Milk or Honey because you feel like something I was promised.
Hey, look! Matching Bible covers!
How about you and I go light a candle together?
Don’t walk away, babe. You may not think I’m perfect but Jesus thinks I’m to die for.
We talk a lot about being spirit led. Well, the spirit led me straight to you.
I’m interested in full time ministry, and not only that, I also play the guitar.
I have familiarized myself with all 5 love languages, in fact, I invented 4 of them.

God, David. I arched against him when he moved to my other breast. 
Two fingers worked inside me, a little uncomfortable but nothing I couldn’t handle. 
Not so long as he kept his mouth on me, lavishing my breasts with attention. 
His thumb rubbed around a sweet spot and my eyes rolled back into my head. So close. 
The strength of what was building was staggering. Mind blowing. 
My body was going to be blown to dust, atoms, when this hit. 
If he stopped, I’d cry. Cry, and beg.
I came, groaning, every muscle drawn taut. 
It was almost too much. Almost.
When she saw that he was dissolved with pleasure, she stopped, divining that perhaps if she deprived him now he might make a gesture towards fulfillment. 
At first he made no motion. His sex was quivering, and he was tormented with desire.
Marianne grew desperate. She pushed his hand away, took his sex into her mouth again. 
With her two hands she encircled his sexual parts, caressed him and absorbed him until it happened. 
He leaned over with gratitude, tenderness, and murmured, you are the first woman.
He drove his tongue inside her, setting off another shattering moan that was music to his ears. 
Then his hands came to life. He went as if to rub his wrists, then he reached for the blindfold, his fingers dancing right in front of it without touching it.
Then he reached out for me. I jumped. He caught me by the arms, wrapping his fingers all the way around them and bringing me forward. 
He realized I was naked, and he felt my sides and my breasts, giving a little startled noise.
Ringo came and took his place on top of me, while the third boy, who was more reserved than the other two, rested on one elbow beside us and ran his hand over my upper body.
Ringo’s body was very different from Andre’s, and I liked it better. 
He was taller, more wiry, and one of those men who isolate the action of the pelvis from the rest of the body.
Thrust without smothering, supporting my torso with their arms. 
But Andre seemed more mature to me, his flesh was not so spare, he already had less hair.
I liked going to sleep bundled up next to him with my buttocks against his belly, telling him we were a perfect fit.
You are mine, he grunts out, pumping into me, the length and level of his arousal brutal.
Mine, he swears, as he releases my mouth and turns me around, pushing me forward as he yanks my legs back.
Don't slow the movement, give me full, hard thrusts.
Paul, in worn jeans, a white tee-shirt, light hair mussed, mouth open, intensity over his face. 
His reflection pulls at my hair, tilting my head back, and I find his eyes on mine in the mirror.
I slowly moved up and down, timing my thrusts with the second hands on the clocks. 
As they began their final rotation of the year, I increased my speed. 
Ben wrapped his arm around my waist and dug himself further into me, which I didn’t think was possible. My breath caught.
The tram slowed and my heartbeat accelerated.
Every point in my body sparked with desire until I hit the golden spot. 
Then my back arched, my mouth opened and I lost all control of my senses. 
One, I screamed and collapsed against him. Happy New Year, Lucy.
He spread her wide and she closed her eyes at the touch, lewd and lascivious and lovely, at once thankful for the darkness and quite desperate for the light. 
Did you touch yourself? She shook her head, her hands searching for him. Finding his soft hair.
He stopped again and her fingers curled against him. 
“He blew softly on the exposed center of her. She inhaled, the breath ragged and not enough. 
It was she who confessed, but I wanted to. He rewarded her honesty with his mouth, consuming her like fire.
His tongue stroking in long, slow licks, curling in a slick promise at the hard center of her pleasure.
She lifted her hips to meet his remarkable mouth, not caring that the action could be called nothing but wanton. 
He slips his lips against mine once before opening my mouth with his tongue. I moan and pull his body down tightly against me, skin to skin. 
No teasing this time, my journalist. I will feel you. All of you. He sucks on my lower lip. 
He runs his fingers through my hair. Then his hand is on my breast, thumb on my nipple.
Noelle is at our side, watching, touching herself. Only once does she lean forward and suckle at his shoulder. 
His mouth leaves mine and finds hers. He earns a delicious purr before I pull on his hair to get him back to me.
He kissed her ear as he said I don’t want either of us to ever forget this night.
She answered by plastering her mouth on his and kissing him in a way she’d never thought possible. 
Her hips moved against him, knowing there must be more. Ben settled himself between her legs. 
She cradled his hips with her thighs. And then he was at the portal. 
The sharp pain she had once endured was a distant memory, and nothing, absolutely nothing in this world, felt as good as the sensation of him slowly sliding into her.
When at last I entered his chamber, I was positively quivering with excitement. 
The Beast was sitting in a chair in a remote corner of the darkened room. 
Removing my robe, I positioned myself on the edge of the bed in just the way he liked best, as was my habit.
That’s the way it was for me with the Beast. It was enough just to wait there, trembling and poised on my hands and knees. 
Anticipating what was to come, it brought about that kind of response in me.
I had not even heard him move when suddenly I felt his crude hands caressing my soft skin. 
He said turn around suddenly in a gruff whisper.
I blinked at him, a little lust crazed. 
He dug in his pocket for his wallet and slapped it on the table before kicking off his pants and underwear. 
I flipped it open and took out the condom he’d placed there this morning, just in case. 
So far we’d needed all of his just in case condoms. 
I tore the packet open but he took the bit of latex from me before I could roll it on him and did it himself. 
He pulled me to the edge of the table and thrust into me. I gasped and gripped the edge as my body stretched to accommodate him. 
The feel of him was growing more familiar. He leaned over me, forcing me back almost to my elbows and thrust, sinking fully into me.
I paused for a moment, stunned. I simply want to see your face tonight.
He sounded as if he was holding himself in check, as if it took all of his will to do so.
The sudden, delicious sense that Jonathan is hers, for now, entirely and completely hers, fills her with as much force and speed as his hard member. 
As his thrusts gain a steady tempo, she brings her hands to his pecs.
 His nipples, down his abs, clamping her legs around his waist, driving him further into her until their sweat-slick bodies are sliding together.
Whispering in her ear, ‘I never knew you were such a dirty baby.
Her movements sent him deeper, and she liked that.
I’ve never been better. I'm practically purring.
I am dripping, and I can feel you hard against my stomach, bigger than my husband.
I wonder if you will like that or turn me into a submissive pet.
I am punished for my obscene show of masculinity. 
You are quite an instrument to play, so finely tuned.
If you touched him right, he made the most glorious sounds. Raw, intense, absolutely delicious noises. 
I plundered her with his tongue. 
She grabbed his hair, yanked and pulled him closer as he’d told her to do. 
He thrust one finger inside her, crooking it and hitting her in the spot that turned her moans into one long, high-pitched orgasm. 
She shuddered against him, her legs quaking, and when he finally slowed to look up at her, he saw her hair was a wild tumble, and her face was glowing.